hi I'm Tiffany I could tipsy artist be
pitch perfect sunny day everyone
together come blue sky feeling the rain
rain sound bitches we can make it so
much better hi I'm Tiffany the tipsy
artist I've been teaching art ever since
I was a little girl as the tipsy artist
I teach wine and paint parties I just
love encouraging people to create
beautiful paintings and the great thing
is all you have to do is show up i
supply everything you need to create
your masterpiece come alone bring a
friend given a group of friends
everything is ready to go whether you're
an artist or have never painted before
in your lives there are no mistakes only
possibility
most of the time we are painting but we
also have a fun mix of crafts and
cocktails and even martini meditation
tipsy artist parties are held at wine
bars restaurants and just about any
location that you can dream up or we can
come to you we also create amazing
private parties for you with catering
thing decor and so much more and guess
what we also have amazing girlfriend
getaway weekends with themes like
cowgirl cool clean paint flingers bride
paint Wars mystic pizza and painting and
even breakfast and painting at Tiffany's
thank you sir
picture
to learn more about your tipsy artist
paint with us around town or a book your
private party please visit tipsy artist
she said
and just remember every painting is
divine with a little more wine
I'm gonna
photo ever
hey
Oh
then she said
fish
we can paint the word
paint yourself imperfect picture
hi I'm Tiffany hi I'm Tiffany I could I
could tipsy artist be faint yourself
imperfect picture
be